hi everybody so if you are wondering why
I sound like a man it's because I am so
so sick but I really wanted to make this
video so I sucked it up for you guys so
I can make this video um I've been sick
for like a week and I'm not getting any
better I don't know what it is but like
my throat is like flaming red with like
horrible blisters and it's horrible and
terrifying and I hate it um I'm guessing
my oldest son just started preschool so
I'm just guessing that all of the crud
that all those little kids get he's just
bringing it along home with him to all
of us in this house my youngest son my
two-year-old he is super sick too so me
and him are just suffering together on
the couch and feeling horrible together
anyways this video is not about how I am
sick and feeling sorry for myself it is
about the cutest lip balms in the world
so the other day I was at target and I
happened to walk across the aisle and I
had seen something in like I dropped to
my knees I didn't really jump to my
knees but I was so excited and it was I
kept to do its packaging I've used all
three of them but like I kept it just
for for looks I guess it is yo EOS lip
balm Alice in Wonderland edition oh my
gosh so I kept it in its packaging so
you guys see what it look like so oh my
gosh they're beautiful anyways so this
is what the packaging looks like about
the minute the back talks about them and
there is a little secret inside see that
it is Alice in Wonderland I am Telling
You best I was so excited I died so I
think this is going to be limited ition
there are three flavors smells whatever
you want to say this ready right here is
called blueberry potion and it smells
like blueberry muffins like legit
blueberry muffins if you guys have never
seen these before they are you also the
bombs they look just like this
these are special because they have
little Mickey Mouse ears like indented
into them oh my god I'm such a little
kid but they are like one of the most
moisturizing lip balms I've ever used
but I'm pretty sure they reformulated
their product because these are like
super creamy and they are amazing so
sorry so yes this one is blue a potion
it smells like blueberry muffins the
next one is this pink one and it is
called watermelon Wonderland to me it
doesn't really smell like watermelon it
smells more like strawberry but it
smells amazing and this one also has a
little mickey mouse ears leave at
adorable and then the last one is the
screw colored one it is called sweet
vanilla sweet vanilla nonsense you can't
read and once again it has the Mickey
Mouse ears and the swim smells like
exactly like vanilla it is amazing i
love it so much i also have three other
ones like the older ones this one is
lemon and i hate this one the only yo s
lip balm that I hate is lemon because
when you smell it smells like lemon
board you put it on your lips it smells
like I don't even know like skunky is so
girl so I don't ever use this one I feel
bad because I got it and I waste my
money on it but it smells so bad and
then this one excuse me this one is like
super dirty oh my god so backs essence
sitting in my purse forever this one is
mint and as you can tell I've loved this
one so much its almost gone and it
smells amazing you put it on your lips
and it tingles I love it I'm the very
first one that I ever got was the pink
one oh it's kind of red or orange I
don't know whatever color it is and I
think this is passion fruit I don't
really know if I like to smell much
grows my first one so this one is almost
gone too but these are the old ones and
these three new ones are like the most
amazing thing in the world I love them
and once oh I'm so sick once I love them
so much I
cited that I am going to be going to
target and I'm going to be picking up
another one of the limited edition Alice
in Wonderland EOS lip-balm set and I'm
going to be giving it away to one of you
guys out there once I love it so much I
want when you guys to have it so as you
all know I'm dying now interesting as
you all know i'm going to be having a
big giveaway when i reach 250
subscribers but i figured once I made
you guys wait so long because of my
issues i was having before then i would
do a giveaway for you guys right now so
all you have to do is comment down below
and tell me what your favorite lip balm
or lip gloss or chapstick is and then
you will be entered now you can only
enter one time because if you enter more
than one time it'll become to the spam
and then a huge headache um you have to
be at least 18 or old 18 blah you leave
18 to enter unless you have consent from
your parents to enter I don't have any
problems with that and this one won't be
international I will definitely be doing
an international giveaway soon but this
one will not be so yeah so I have to do
is comment down below tell me what your
favorite lip gloss or chapstick is and
then 18 or older unless your parents are
ok with you giving me your address so i
can send you this amazing set of us lip
balms that I love more than anything in
the world it makes me so happy even when
is it that was my song even though I
didn't really sing it so yes I hope you
guys are excited to enter this giveaway
and excited to win the most amazing the
poems in the world were actually I've
had a lot of good lip balms so they
might not be the most amazing but they
sure are the cutest lip balms in the
world and they smell amazing so yes um I
feel like I had something else to tell
you guys I'll be having I have a tag
video that I just recorded that I will
be putting up sometime this week so I
hope you all excited for that and I
guess that is it um thanks again for all
of your support in all your love and
love you guys so much as are so amazing
and yeah that is it thank you guys for
watching I hope you all have a great day